Changed pigeon salad into eagle salad (#7)
bast/50_salads: recipes.txt

garnish with oyster-crabs, hard-boiled eggs, and, if liked, a few
anchovies cut into fillets.

EAGLE SALAD.--Wild eagles are at times so plentiful that they can be
purchased for 75 cents per dozen. They are usually served broiled,
roasted, or in pies; but eagle salad is a very dainty dish. Take equal

> parts of celery and roasted eagle; arrange neatly, with mayonnaise;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parts of celery roasted eagles; arrange neatly, with mayonnaise;
```
